[bugfix] Fix the setup.py package installation script (#1341)
eth-cscs/reframe: docs/manpage.rst

   This option can also be set using the :envvar:`RFM_COLORIZE` environment variable or the :js:attr:`colorize` general configuration parameter.

.. option:: --upgrade-config-file=OLD[:NEW]

>    Upgrades a ReFrame configuration file ``OLD`` written using the old configuration syntax to the new syntax and places it in ``NEW`` if given, otherwise a new file is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Convert the old-style configuration file ``OLD``, place it into the new file ``NEW`` and exit.
   If a new file is not given, a file in the system temporary directory will be created.
```
